The emperor of Great Xia is really refreshing
Would rather spend 3,000 miles and 60 cities
Just to make the long-lost imperial sister happy
But
If you Great Xia lose, you can't go back
My word is good
It's almost time.
Let the game begin
Come on
Tell them the rules, yes.
There are three games in this game
The first game is archery
The one who hits the arrow with the most accuracy wins
But it's so boring every time.
Here's a fresh one this time.
Hehe hehe hahaha
Do you see this fruit?
Put him on top of the reader's head
Hegemony
The traitor flies out
Life or death
Did you hear the emperor's rules?
Who in Great Xia would dare to fight?
The Emperor of Great Xia
This is a big summer country
Are they all cowardly like mice?
I can't even find a single person who dares to come out and fight
Ridiculous hahaha
That being the case
Then we judge them to throw in the towel.
Since this contempt
I call the shots
Then it's up to me